doc: Include smite-ir/ in Project Structure section of README (#29)
morehouse/smite: README.md

```
smite/              # Core Rust library (runners, scenarios, noise protocol, BOLT messages)

> smite-ir/           # Library to execute Intermediate Representation (IR) programs

Reviewer: Actually the code to execute IR lives in `smite-scenarios/`.

```suggestion
smite-ir/           # Library to build and mutate Intermediate Representation (IR) programs
```

Author: Done
